fix(nsis): uninstaller installdir reg clean up (#12427)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/nsis-cleanup-installdir-reg.md

---
'tauri-bundler': 'patch:bug'
---

> Fix NSIS uninstaller not cleaning up `Software\${MANUFACTURER}\${PRODUCTNAME}` registry key used for the install location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clean up `Software\${MANUFACTURER}\${PRODUCTNAME}` registry key in the NSIS uninstaller if "Delete application data" option is checked when uninstalling. 
```
